UPDATE PMR 2.1.6 to 3.0.0
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Features:

1.  Google maps class updated to support UTF-8 codepage and latest google maps
    updates, xml2array() function updated to support PHP5 routines. Also
    latitude/longitude fields added for each listing so user can specify
    the exact location on the map if the address is not recognized by the
    google geocoding service.

2.  Availability calendar added into the agent control panel. Now agent can
    select multiple dates in a calendar popul and have the calendar visible 
    on the listing detailed page.

3.  New Flash SlideShow added. (contact us if you want to get the licensed
    version without the copyright logo on top-right corner of the image).

4.  Function files updated, most of the functions rewritten and relocated
    for better perfomance.

5.  'Send Message' form now supports listing ID and includes listing title 
    into the message to an agent.

6.  'Recently Visited Listings' feature added onto the index page and the
    listing detailed page. Now system can store number of listings visited
    by the visitor and show those listings on the index page and the listing
    detailed page.

7.  'Find on The Map' feature added to the index page to find all the listings on
    the google maps. (works if there are less than 200 listings in the db)
    Disabled by default.

    'Find on The Map' feature added right to the listing detailed page and the
    icon wiht the link to the old map is removed.

8.  phpMailer class is now used to send email messages with html content.
    May support mail(), sendmail and smtp/gmail.

9.  The 3 level locations system is completely rewritten using Ajax.
    No need to add all the levels for all locations now. The dropdown
    menus for locations are loaded right from the database without the 
    'old style' text file with locations and complete locations list
    preload in the header.

10. Tabbed browsing added to index page and listing detailed template.

11. Featured listings functions rewritten completely using Ajax. Now user
    can select the listing to make it featured on the search results page or
    on the listing detailed page without reloading the page.

12. Licensing system is rewritten and now require different license key.
    Existing customers can request a new license for 1 year and renew it 
    when needed for free.

13. HTML to XHTML conversion started, most of the template files are rewritten
    and reorganized for better perfomance and user-friendly look.

14. Dynamic meta tags added for listing detailed page and user detailed page.
    Now title will include user name/surname or listing title, description
    meta tag will include part of the listing or user description and 
    keywords tag will include part of the address, property type, listing type,
    mls and other details.

15. Captcha functions are rewritten completely for better perfomance and much
    complex image to prevent spam user/listing submissions and emails.

16. Mortgage Calculator now shows the currency set in the configuration panel.

17. Administrator panel can be secured now by setting the allowed IP address or
    range of IPs in the configuration file. (e.g 127.0.0.* or 127.*;10.0.*;192.168.1.1)

18. Generated PDF detailed listing page now includes photo gallery images.

19. Search form is updated to have Bedrooms and Bathrooms set as a dropdown
    field and now use the 'equal or more' logic.

20. Search using the keyword field now returns results based on title, 
    description, any level of location, zip code, mls, id or property 
    type.

21. The captcha font is updated.

22. Primitive 'additonal module' script added to add the modifications to
    the script functions without changing the script core files.

--
With 3.0.0 release we recommend to update all the scripts you have, 
make sure to update config.php manually, not to remove important 
configuration settings.

===
